So now did we learn a lot about navigating passing parameters.
Let's improve our app a little bit by going to the users component where we have a list of links in
the end to single users and let's add the router link here has an array as an argument.
And here we want to target slash users and we already created our route right.
We have Slash users slash ID and slash and name so we can use that information here in USALS component.
The second element here in disarray there should be the idea.
And since we have a for loop where we loop through all our users can easily dynamically at the idea
here by accessing user ID and the same for the name.
The third element the food segment and the Spaf the user name we can access username.
This is how we can dynamically construct such shoaling.
And you already saw this with the navigate method a couple of lectures earlier.
So does our rattling here.
Let's do the same for the servers.
So here is the service component.
Let's also replace the five year with server ID.
We do have a server ID if we have a look at the service service service you see we have IDs and names
here.
So we want to pass the I.D. and we can now do this by dynamic fetching it here and I will remove added
though because I not only want to load the added component here I want to load the single server component
instead with Mai-Ling at here.
We need to add the fitting route.
So in our app module here we need to add a number out where we have servers and then just ID to load
a single server with the server component here.
Right now we're always loading the edit server component so make sure to add this extra route and of
course this will be loaded because we removed the added at the end.
So we're not editing this anymore.
This just lost the single component.
And of course now a single server component this one here where we want to output our server data we
need to get that data we passed in the wrong path.
In the you you are l we passed the idea there.
We do have a service service where we are able to get a server by id and we already do this in our server
component here an engine in it right now always for the server with the ideal one.
So now use your chance to update this code to do this with the ID being passed with our route.
You learn everything you need for this time for you to do it on your own.
I will give you a chance to postes with you before we do this to Gabr.
So where you're successful let's try to Gabr of course to get access to the router parameter we need
to inject our activated router.
So we learned how to do this at is roud property and make it a type actuator rod which you need to import
from an Anglo router and now an engine in it you can get your ID from this Activewear that route from
the snapshot.
The parents object to your.
And then the ID which is encoded in into you r l and now you can use this idea here to get that server.
Now if you also want to react to any changes thereafter you need to subscribe to your parents absorbable
here and basically do the same.
You get the parents here which is of type dirhams.
Make sure to import that from an English router.
And once you get this you can get a news server when ever your parents should change so your you could
then X's parents Id like this to update the server whenever a change is triggered on this page.
So if does emplace we reload our app and go to servers you'll see we get an error here which makes sense
because keep in mind on our service component here we still are always loading our single server component
and therefore we are also loading it.
If we don't have this idea way level.
So for now I will comment this out we will soon learn how we can nest.
Number router in there to have some kind of child routing to load this route dynamically next to our
menu here.
So for now I simply commented out.
For now click on a server here.
We still get an error.
And now this can be a tricky one to spot what's going wrong here.
The issue is if we Porus a parameter from our your l it will always be a string because our whole you
are Eliz simply just text so Id here will actually not be one in the case of slash 1.
It really will be a string of one.
So if we try to get a server bitis ID it will actually search a server which has an ID of one but a
string one.
However we use numbers here.
So we simply have to make sure to can word our ID to a number and we can do this by adding a place in
front of it and this is perfectly fine to do with that you're making sure that the ID or tree ring is
treated as a number.
Of course you also need to make sure to do this year in your observable so convert the parents year
to a number to.
So with that if we now click on service and choose a server you see a production server here.
Tests are in this case.
And with that does us now working as expected.
We now improved our app because now we got working links here.
We get working links here and we're loading the correct server.
So of that we add a lot but we see that our app has some limitations.
It would be nice if we don't load a new page with the user or add a server here but loaded next to our
menu in both cases so we Semino need some nested routing some child drought's kind of to have a router
inside a router.
Let's have a closer look at this in the next lectures.